We need to do this in 2 Steps:

The Server Script (mobile_server.py): This runs in the background, finds your local Wi-Fi IP, and serves a "Netflix-style" web player to your phone.

The UI Button: A button in your app to show the QR Code.

Step 0: Install Dependencies
You will need the QR code library. Tell your terminal:

Bash

pip install qrcode
Step 1: The Server (The Brains)
This script does the magic. It generates a mobile-friendly website on the fly containing your specific songs.

Copy and paste this prompt:

"I need to implement the Mobile Bridge Server. Please create a new file named mobile_server.py.

1. The Setup:

Import http.server, socket, qrcode, threading, os.

Create a class MobileServer.

It should serve files from the user's Suno_Downloads folder.

Port: Start at 8080. If busy, increment until a free port is found.

2. The Web Player (HTML Generation):

Create a method generate_index_html() that scans the download folder for .mp3 files.

It must write an index.html file with this design:

Dark Mode: Black background, white text.

Search Bar: Fixed at the top. Javascript to filter the song list instantly.

Song List: A clean vertical list. Each row shows the Filename (cleaned up).

Sticky Player: An HTML5 <audio> player fixed to the bottom of the screen.

Logic: Clicking a song name updates the audio player src and plays it. Auto-play next song when ended.

3. The Connection Info:

Create a method get_connection_info():

Find IP: Use socket to get the local LAN IP (e.g., 192.168.1.x).

QR Code: Generate a QR image for http://{ip}:{port} using the qrcode library.

Return the URL and the QR Image object.

4. Threading:

The server serve_forever() must run in a separate daemon thread so it doesn't freeze the main app."

Step 2: The UI (The Button)
Now we add the "Mobile" button to your main dashboard that reveals the QR code.

Copy and paste this prompt:

"I need to add the Mobile Connect UI to my main app.

1. The Button:

In suno_layout.py (or the top navigation bar area), add a generic button with a 'Phone' or 'Wifi' icon.

Text: 'Mobile Sync'.

2. The Popup Window:

When clicked, run self.show_mobile_qr().

Initialize mobile_server.MobileServer.

Get the QR code image and URL from the server.

Open a CTkToplevel window:

Title: 'Scan to Play'.

Center: Display the QR Code image (resize to 250x250).

Bottom: A clickable link label with the URL (e.g., http://192.168.1.5:8080).

Footer: 'Keep this window open to stream.'

3. Behavior:

Ensure the server thread starts only once.

If I close the popup, the server can keep running (or stop, your choice), but the window should disappear."

How to test it once code is generated:
Run the app and click the new Mobile Sync button.

Point your actual phone camera at the screen.

Click the yellow link that appears on your phone.

Boom: You should see your library on your phone screen. Click a song to test the audio streaming.